cloud: add export speed and note (#20846)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-export.md

- Isolation: the export service uses separate computing resources, ensuring isolation from the resources used by your online services.
- Consistency: the export service ensures the consistency of the exported data without causing locks, which does not affect your online services.

> **Note:**
>

> >The maximum export size is currently 1TiB. For larger exports or to request faster export speeds, please contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).

Author: ```suggestion
> The maximum export size is currently 1TiB. For larger exports or to request faster export speeds, please contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).
```

> > The maximum export size is currently 1TiB. For larger exports or to request faster export speeds, please contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The maximum export size is currently 1 TiB. To export more data or request a higher export speed, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).
```

https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#please
> Use please only when you're asking for permission or forgiveness—for example, when what you're asking for benefits you, inconveniences a reader, or suggests a potential issue with a product.

</div>
</SimpleTab>

> ## Export Speed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Export speed
```

> The export speed varies depending on your cluster plan. Refer to the table below for details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The export speed depends on your [cluster plan](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#cluster-plans). For details, see the following table:
```
